A case or in this video we're going to look at how we can delete data from a table.
So I'm actually in my example database and I've created this people table with an ID name age and gender
columns.
I've then inserted six stories of data into that table.
So if you want to do that you can pause the video and create the table and insert the data so you can
do that.
Now if you just want to follow along then don't bother.
So to delete data from a table we need to type delete from and then the table name.
So in this case is people.
And then just like the update statement we need to work close.
So we need to say where we're deleting the data so we need to type where a column name is equal to a
certain body.
So let's say we want to delete John from the database we can say where the Name column is equal to John
and run now and then select stuff from people again and you can see now that I.D. to which had named
John has now left the table.
So it's been deleted from the table.
So that's how easily one or I have data from table but we can actually really multiple rows at once.
So let's say we wanted to delete from people where the agenda was F all the females on the table.
Now we can change this.
We're close to where.
GEND is the call to f
and this is going to Italy by ID 1 and Id 5 from the table.
So let's run that now.
And select stuff from people again and you can see by females have been deleted from the table we're
just left with Thomas Chris and Frank.
Now we can also get to the.
All rise of data from a table at once.
And we do that simply by not having a WHERE clause.
So simply saying delete from a table name so delete from people and this is going to delete every single
row in the table.
So let's run now.
And that's Sadak stuff from people.
And you can see it's empty now.
We no longer have any data in our people table.
So that's it for this video.
That's how you delete data from a table.